**** FOR UI DEVELOPMENT*****

download firefox
go to firefox button, on very top left in orange: click addons
in the search box search for firebug
install the firebug addon. not any of the other firebug helper tools, just the firebug

ui url:  http://alexandandrew.cabynum.c9.io/default.html

On the UI page, in firefox with firebug, you should see a bug symbol to the far right of the address bar of your browser
click that to open up the firebug console at the bottom of your browser

thre is a console button, click the arrow thing and enable the console
do the same for all the tabs next to console

With the console tab open refresh the UI page.

You should get a message saying hello there.  Check the default.js in the scripts folder to find whre that lives.
You can javascript code in the console.  try something like 1 + 1 = 2;  or var test = 'andrew'; then enter test and see what spits out

You can modify the default.js file while the server is running.  To see your changes you have to refresh your firefox browser.
Make sure your changes are saved on the cloud 9 side befroe reloading browser, or you changes wont be there.

For kick and giggles you can go to firebug's scrip tab.  the next line under the tab is an all button, and to the right of that is
a different button.  click that different button (text may vary) and find and select default.js
Interesting, ya

Also, open the net tab and reload the page, and look at that


Once you are finished playing with the net thing, go back to the console and type this:
Ext.getCmp('regionWest')

click on the results to get the JSON of the object. Notice it takes you ot the DOM tab.  The JSON object lives in the DOM
DOM is document object model.  A web page is basically 1 big document.  (hence text in notepad.)

Now, do Ext.getCmp('regionWest').hide();
cool
now Ext.getCmp('regionWest').show()
cool too.  be sure to use the ;,  I get sloppy sometimes in the console.

DON' USE ; FOLLOWING THE CLOSING } FOR FUNCTIONS EVAR